the next speaker is peter cameo
i'd like to deal very briefly with this
question that's being raised over and
over again
by faculty and certain students about
the whole question of
are we by trying to stop the cia from
recruiting on this campus
in effect opposing a principle which we
believe in very much and that is the
right of free speech for everyone
now that's a very good question it's got
to be answered now i think
what has been happening is there's been
a certain twisting
you see because what we are doing in my
opinion
is not violating anyone's freedom of
speech i want to repeat a few of the
things i said
just a few minutes ago see the cia
didn't come on this campus and say
uh we want to convince you we want the
sprouts to
uh the microphone on sprout steps to
explain our ideology
to explain his ideas so that before
their ideas and their ideology is
classified
no one is allowed to know what it is you
say
in fact the cia was established
because certain policies that this
government wanted to implement it could
not do so legally
because what it wanted to do it could
not do by winning the ideas and the will
of people throughout this world
it wanted to violate not only our own
laws
but violated international laws and so
forth so it set up an organization for
that purpose that is to function
illegally
where the people have no control of it
do not even know what funds it has
we have no way a citizen to this country
even knowing what this organization is
supposed to be from our government
is doing and no government that has to
hide what it's doing
is going to win freedom for anybody in
this world
because freedom is going to be won by
the people of this world by knowing
what's happening
all these secret negotiations are going
on all the time
behind the you know like uh they had
because uh cosigan and
and uh lbj get together secretly so the
enemy won't hear you see
and the united states then goes up and
sets up this
organization for the purpose you see for
its purpose now let us look at ourselves
as students
you know don't we have the right to
defend ourselves
let me give you a parallel it's not
exact but it's it's in
essence the same thing you see in the
south
if it's two o'clock planner wants to
give a speech
about how white people are superior all
right
his speech is no danger to us or the
black people it's no danger the words
the danger is the axe you see and people
have the right to defend themselves from
those acts
now this underground secret organization
we know
has taken our organization that's
supposed to have been ours the national
student association
and done within what they wanted to
without us knowing anything about it now
don't we have the right to defend our
own organizations
do we have the right to stop an
organization that is out to do
and manipulate your life that openly
engages in murder throughout the world
you see we're not in any way stopping
them from speaking
we're not stopping them from writing in
a paper for christ's sake the cia has
more fun
in fact the cia is writing all the time
you see
but they don't use their name you don't
know how many people right on campus
may be hired by them you see we don't
know what editorials appearing in some
papers is written by the cia
they're speaking all the time and we
want to know where they're speaking
talk about freedom of speech we've got a
right to know you know
but then they come crawling on this
campus
not to speak to us oh no they crawl
themselves up into the little room
and they invite some student poor soul a
little confused
or psychologically unbalanced
who goes crawling up there and the first
thing that this secret agent
says to the student is you've got to
sign a statement
a cia trained dog says to the student
you've got to sign a statement that you
won't reveal whatever we say here
did you read that article on the
examiner when they they called you call
up the cia go look up in a telephone
book it's in the telephone call call
them up
and they answer her phone and you say
hello what's your name they say it's
classified
see where are you that's specified
you see now we're not saying at any time
have we ever said that the individual
whoever he may be
or that the organization wherever it
might be
doesn't have the right to give its
opinions or to express itself
but to come onto our campus and be part
of the administrative
policy with the condoned by the
administration
as without having the slightest say
whatsoever now i ask are they gonna
invite the mafia
to come and recruit on campus they're
also an organization that engages in the
illegal secret they don't reveal their
names
they have some wonderful opportunities
open
for possible advancement for possible
you know
income just like the cia has
and it's only a question of opinion of
which one has got better morals or who's
fighting for what you know
but you know i'll pose a more
fundamental question
this administration just for free speech
now just because it says that
everybody's got the right to hire
invite to cia and i asked and invite the
national liberation front
that's all you say you're
[Music]
themselves there's some opportunities in
the national liberation front
they have some exciting programs